Align element documentation with implementations (#15324)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/elements/pl-hidden-hints.md

# `pl-hidden-hints` element

Display progressive hints that become accessible as the number of student submissions increases for the current variant.

> Hints are revealed based on the total number of submissions for the variant, not just incorrect ones.

Reviewer: This sounds like it includes invalid submissions, which is not the case.
```suggestion
Hints are revealed based on the total number of valid submissions for the variant, both correct or incorrect. Invalid submissions (e.g., blanks or with incorrect format) are not counted.
```

Author: Resolved in dc98012de7 — reworded to count *valid* submissions (correct or incorrect). Dropped the "blanks" example since a blank can be valid when `allow-blank` is set.

*- Claude*
